Remove process config for Jaeger exporter (#1776)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- The `HasRemoteParent` field of the `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace".SamplingParameters` is removed.
  This field is redundant to the information returned from the `Remote` method of the `SpanContext` held in the `ParentContext` field. (#1749)
- The `trace.FlagsDebug` and `trace.FlagsDeferred` constants have been removed and will be localized to the B3 propagator. (#1770)

> - Remove `Process` configuration for Jaeger exporter. The information that could be configured in the `Process` struct should be configured in a `Resource` instead. (#1776)

Reviewer: The exported types/funcs we removed should be included here so users reading our release notes can search for the error they will get.

```suggestion
- Remove `Process` configuration, `WithProcessFromEnv` and `ProcessFromEnv`, from the Jaeger exporter package.
  The information that could be configured in the `Process` struct should be configured in a `Resource` instead. (#1776)
```
